Clarify when to use versionadded and versionchanged (#1264)
python/devguide: documentation/markup.rst

   feature, or a part of it, to the library or C API.  When this applies to an
   entire module, it should be placed at the top of the module section before
   any prose.

>    When a new attribute, function, or method is added, make sure a
>    ``versionadded`` directive is added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When a new attribute, function, or method is added, a
   ``versionadded`` directive should be present at the end of its
   documentation block.
```
Also describe explicitly where to put the directive.

Author: That's an improvement! Thanks.

   feature, or a part of it, to the library or C API.  When this applies to an
   entire module, it should be placed at the top of the module section before
   any prose.

>    When a new attribute, function, or method is added, a
>    ``versionadded`` directive should be present at the end of its
>    documentation block.

Reviewer 2: **Note**: _Requires adding a new ref target label, `.. _information-units`, above the eponymous section above.

```suggestion
   When adding a new API :ref:`with a directive <information-units>`
   (``class``, ``attribute``, ``function``, ``method``, ``c:type``, etc),
   a ``versionadded`` should be included at the end of its description block.
```

* More broadly construe the types of entities we're discussing here (not just attributes, functions and methods)
* Be more specific about which get `versionadded` (any object/API that is represented by a directive, vs. e.g. callable parameters, behaviors, etc. that are not).
* Crosslink the relevant section
* Use active voice
* Describe the location a little more precisely/less ambiguously

   Example::

>       .. function:: func(spam)
> 
>          Return foo and bar with *spam* applied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      .. function:: func(spam=False)

         Return foo and bar, optionally with *spam* applied.
```

Be a little more realistic and consistent with the previous (avoiding a compat break, which in this case would usually mean a new function).
